com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/Review.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.Review
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/data/UserRepository.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.data.UserRepository
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/controllers/SearchController.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.controllers.SearchController
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/dto/LoginFormDTO.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.dto.LoginFormDTO
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/Gem.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.Gem
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/WebApplicationConfig.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.WebApplicationConfig
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/AuthenticationFilter.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.AuthenticationFilter
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/AbstractEntity.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.AbstractEntity
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/GemCategory.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.GemCategory
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/UserAccount.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.UserAccount
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/data/ReviewRepository.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.data.ReviewRepository
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/dto/RegisterFormDTO.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.dto.RegisterFormDTO
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/controllers/ReviewController.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.controllers.ReviewController
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/HiddenGemsApplication.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.HiddenGemsApplication
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/controllers/AuthenticationController.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.controllers.AuthenticationController
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/GemData.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.GemData
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/dto/ReviewFormDTO.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.dto.ReviewFormDTO
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/models/data/GemRepository.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.models.data.GemRepository
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/controllers/HelloController.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.controllers.HelloController
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/controllers/GemController.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.controllers.GemController
com/hiddengems/hiddengems/controllers/BrowseController.java
 com.hiddengems.hiddengems.controllers.BrowseController
